you asked for [Music]
it you put a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all the
way why did you ever change your name all the way
why did you ever change your name because you were like a Wale on the
ocean Wild and Free you came and you were like a storm coming
out of mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change [Music]
your welcome back to the final season of Lady Babylon satanic initiation it's
nice to have you back I've been talking to so many of you lately and and um I
just can't tell you how much I appreciate thank you thank you I appreciate all the time that we spent
together every moment I can feel you and I get some of those emails and I think
my goodness how fortunate I am how fortunate I am to be in your company
thank you thank you today I'm gonna take you right into Epsilon we saw Alpha in
our last series of seven we will progress through right through those spheres
those harmonic spheres we'll progress right through them we went through Alpha
we saw the burial we come to Epsilon we take ourselves into the
Wilderness today on lady Babylon Satan satanic initiation I want to invite you
I want to invite you to Jesus I want you to see him and I want to see all the
drugs that are involved today I want you to have that Antiquity it is what we
inherited it is ours welcome to Lady
[Music]
Babylon
before we begin I want to tell you that tomorrow I will be on Forbidden
Knowledge news um and it's an interview that I'm
very much looking forward to appreciate the chance to be able to do that so
tonight um I'm going to be prepping um and I I'm not going to have
time for Discord I apologize but I'm not going to have I'm not going to I'm going to shift some of my work um that I've
got for tomorrow to this evening thank you thank you for coming I don't want to
waste your time I want to go right into it and you know what we have to do you
know what we have to do are you in are you in that Throne oh I can feel it I can feel it
good we have to start with a cleansing this is all pration Welcome to the the apocalypse
it's all purgation let's get on it before we come to those texts and remember people keep this scientific we
don't care about ideas we don't care about values we don't care about morals we care about evidence that's it we are
scientists of the purest strain I will wash that dark blood right out of you
I'll bring it right out of you it's a purgation tonight in order to achieve
this do you smell sulfur I smell sulfur in order to achieve this we're going to
bring Aeros yeah tonight it's
[Music]
AOS [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
h [Music]
a you thought for a minute it was the baby
didn't you you thought it was I want you to see Aeros as sons of
Venus Daughters of Aphrodite I want you to see Aeros through that lens from
Antiquity and that is what we're bringing tonight that is that
Epsilon that is that Epsilon let's go to our first passage bring it up this is
going to be a little controversial I'm going to start off with the hot stuff are you guys ready I watch somebody sent
me a video this week and said hey um look at this guy talking about
porna and he was you know could could I smell it I watched it and I smell I was
like what's what's what's this guy all about and he was a seminarian I can smell it they got that he got that
seminarian smell to him you know what I mean a wolf can tell that the
seminarians are going to lead you down a path pora he's going to define the pora
the only thing I want to say is you come out through a going down a rabbit hole and coming up through the other side of
the globe you're in a different dimension of morality what is po
fornication fornication oh and it's
idolatry yes it's idolatry and th this was the debate back and forth the only
thing I'm telling you is while our ship is getting primed here to get us back to
our destination you've got to know the world sees this material through a
corrupted lens it sees it through a bent
lens we have to go back to that original to find it and how is it so bent how is
it so bent it is bent through arrows yeah yeah when you try to change
nature yeah you end up bending things fantastic let me show you exactly what I
mean bring up the um you want to see what porn is porn right when I say porn
I'm talking about a Greek root get your dirty don't be dirty everybody here come on man this is civilized right porn is a
Greek root right porn is a Greek root and we
know they'll say what is POR and they'll say oh oh prostitute prostitute right
can I tell you how many words there are for prostitutes and how many shades there are look at hisus that we've got
here on left people I'm not going to give you any of my ideas I'm going to give youus right porn nen look at that first
one is he puts Po underneath it that's to sell to enter into
merchandising pain you got merch you know what you say you know what an ancient Greek who invents democracy here
is when you say merch he hears you are selling your
orifices love that how about this one how about this for good oldfashioned morality you see what happens when the
Christians denied the gods those atheist Christians when they denied the gods
they took all of this with them it's terrible well look what we've got here
pornom uhoh cumini those though or the people who have been stung what is a
por somebody who's been stung and who is entering into the
Commerce wait you have to be stung yeah if you don't know what I'm talking about
you haven't been there you haven't been there it's bakic you're going to love it are you ready look at the next one
underneath that poropos what is that it's a hyr that he
tells you underneath it's somebody who supports a hatira what is that hatira
that's the that's the you know um the person that you
support who supports you with the Arts of
Aphrodite does that make sense yes you support them back you give them support
right um so that's what you're engaging in there that's what you're engaging in
give us one more time boom give us that oh look at the bottom one oh and by the way it says pornos for that last one now
look at the bottom one porno right what is that it's py Oro show them the next
one just to blow it up just so you guys can see this and I hope that the
evangelicals out there who were talking about this on YouTube I hope I hope
please tell me they will come and see this look porno what these are py Oro
what is take it down what is a pornos it is a child who is at the
bloom at the perfect ripeness and you see oh cleanse my
ears cleanse my ears do you feel do you feel
the a little bit of a little bit you can taste it in the back of your mouth right
because that's gross I mean it's just it's creepy gross right um hang on
before you jump off the ship you're sailing on the SS Virgin
Mary yeah this is who we're talking talking about the SS Virgin Mary is a
ship full of hi tyri did you wonder why they auctioned
her off did they wonder why they auctioned the Blessed Mother of Christ
did you wonder why they auctioned her off oh it was whoever got
luckiest yeah casting your the guys went running down thank you to the cops for
bring us this the guys went running down did you hear they're giving away the Virgin she's the one who's been in the
temple this is Jewish practice if you're not up with this you know sorry but it's
Jewish practice and they Mary's out there they got her she's 12 years old
and you know why she looks the way she does because she's been nourished by God in the inner Sanctum it
was angels that were giving it to her Angels Angels okay do you see
anthropologically what's going on fine fine let's hit the let's hit another text here we go um I just want to put
ketto here up the verb and I want you to notice it means to be stuck to be jabbed
or to be BTO at the bottom and what is that b uh oh it means to in oh look
there's so victorians were so Sly they were so worried about sex that they had to that
they had to put crosses in the form of funny words crosses they're censoring
right what you're using the Latin to translate the Greek that's not fair
that's not fair it's not fair but what does an nay mean if you know lot you know what goes
in and comes out and goes in and comes out go goes in and comes out boom boom
boom can you hear the drums boom boom boom boom and boom boom R Aeros can you
feel Aeros oh God it's purification people it's
purification most people don't know that Aeros as a matter of fact anybody out there from Harvard those knuckleheads
the Knuckleheads and the Ivory Tower of Knucklehead they don't
realize because they don't delve into the text they don't dig down to those
fragments they don't find that mystery where it lies they won't go to The
Sciences they won't go shame on you guys you won't go but Aeros there is that
purification if you ask him what is Aeros oh ask somebody okay um and then
forget what they say Aeros is the lover of the human soul he brings
purification okay AOS is the lover of the human soul he brings
purification for the orix this is prime do you have a problem
with AOS being being winged do you have a problem with him being the winged
dragon do you have a problem with him being the Bright Morning
Star oh my goodness you say Aeros is Venus Aeros is
Aphrodite oh Sons and Daughters of Venus are there any of you out there Sons and
Daughters of Venus yes this is the stuff
this is the stuff that floated the oracles and the stuff that formed the Empire this is the bakic backbone that
we're talking about right here Aeros where does bakus always lead us he leads us straight to her straight to her oh
God give me the next one give me the next one okay I need some fascinating stuff to help people out and immediately
getting up right coming out of the water what happened he saw the uranos he saw
it opened up right now this is the Uranus most of you will think this is
Jesus and Mark you know getting baptized by John and he comes out of the water and we see these pictures in Sunday
school we had oh here comes the dove right coming out of the sky this is
right before he goes into Theon not the topos but Theon he goes into the void are you
ready to go into the void with Jesus come here kitties let's follow Jesus
right in into the void what happens when he comes out of the water Aiden he saw
what did he see what did he see because the rest of us are looking around like what huh what did he see he looks up
into uranos and he sees descending from it the pl the spirit of
God do you know how to get high in Christianity and Judaism it's via the
P by that Spirit when you're sitting there as one
of the sons of Aaron right and you're doing your thing
when you're one of the Levites and you're coming forward to do your thing you're standing at that altar with the
enclosed tent around you you're sucking in that Vapor that's coming off the
burnt offering and you got that rope around your leg and it's tied there so
that if you fall over they can pull you out before you die when you're surfing
those spaces like that you are entering that void and it's from that void that
the voice comes you know why they're always trying to bring the voice of God
to some kind of tent they're trying to bring him in and have him look he's goingon to speak right it's only for
special sacred people right okay let's go we're that's the party that we've all
come to tonight can you feel it it's the reality of the story that we've been
told let's go to the next one go to the next one oh um yeah and that Spirit came
out anyway and phoning that's okay and there was a a voice right there was a
voice from the heavens and you you ask yourself why is this plural in all the
translations they're just going to translate it Heaven because everything in English
blows yeah yeah Heaven they're going to translate it no it's a plural a
plurality it's a plurality do you remember Paul the Apostle getting high pushing that
pushing that thorn pushing that thorn in the flesh getting that snake high do you
remember him doing that you know cursing at the pythia because he is Christ thing
and she's telling the world about it yeah yeah drug use and junkie Paul he
was even embarrassed about it
himself so where are we at go back to Mark what ises what does Jesus say um yeah so from
the heavens right it comes out he Paul went to these places he went to the third or the seventh I forg I always
forget which number I'm terrible with numbers um but Jesus from those zones is able to
draw that pelma right and he's hearing a voice and we're all standing around
looking at Jesus and his Baptist Getting Nuts right getting high and hearing
things he's gonna go off into the Aron look at this what does it say in a voice
and there was this voice from the heavens and what did it say yeah
you are my lovely or beloved
Son yeah in whom I'm the champ bro I'm the champ right he hears Daddy's voice
coming from the split within the heavens are you looking up if you're looking up
for a dove you know painting a picture where where's the dove look at some of
the stupid portraits that come come out of the Byzantine world look at that
stupid stuff that comes out with with respect to this it looks not only does
it look fairy tale it's just it's unbelievably bad classical art when
class the classical world was overthrown the art was sucked out the
backside of the world I can say that because I'm free to say that to you
there's no Professor on the planet that will tell you this but Christian killed
Western Art it killed it killed it dead you ever seen what It produced in its
place they look like zombie people yeah they look like zombie people
we went as Humanity we went from a place of knowing Aeros we went from a place of
worshiping Aphrodite we went from that
place we went from that place to a place of looking at men who look like zombies
in cloaks that don't show the body they hung crosses on everything
they killed your art and for a thousand years you entered the Dark
Ages when you finally climbed out of the pit through the
Renaissance you got your bearings back there's a constant time coming to wash
away civilization whether it was the Greeks when they were holding the football or
whether it was the Romans when they were holding the football or whether it's you and I holding the football that
Civilization is in our hands yeah yeah and there's always a force against it
let's keep going people didn't like that I brought up things about world world happenings I
only have to say that um you know there's a certain there's a certain
element of the present that must be injected to make this worth your time go let's hit the next one love it
Mark 1 one yeah this this great voice yeah let's go on so the voice is speaking but why we even mention this
and immediately the pelma the spirit through him right it literally
boom you know how all these guys get high in the Bible and see
Visions they do it as they said themselves through the
PMA through that Spirit through that air have you ever been with Aus and he's
caught that air and he's in that place where he can see the things that you
can't yeah that's what we're talking about Jesus gets the PMA
now I will just say from experience because I've been hounded by
charismatics charismatics love to come and pray demons away um for some reason I attract them
can you believe that I think it's my good looks but it maybe something else
um anywh who um this whole demon possession thing right that is the power
that is controlled when you have that pilma of God that's when you get to step
out of that chronic world into what's the ionic the ionic is what you modern
day Christians translate as Eternal and it's totally wrong and you don't know
what you're talking about which is sad because you originally did and your people did a much better
job when they were all using the drugs and entering the orgies these are sex
rights people do did you wonder why we're talking about a virgin we don't sacrifice a virgin we don't sacrifice
the Virgin are you kidding she's the source of our medicine don't be
stupid right um but if she says somebody else should be sacrificed that's
different right because we entrust that power we entrust that power to the God
because you see all of this is built upon possession people ask about
possession oh I'm sorry okay we're almost people ask about possession and
they think oh my goodness this is a this is a weird esoteric topic no no no it is
the driving force of Classical Mystery the driving force it's a central element
when Jesus comes to Mary and casts out her seven
demons what do you think he came here to do right to exert control command over
those forces fantastic hence the boys right you need the boy for the Jesus if
he's going to be doing the christing and chasing the demons and you commanding
the power of babul he's gonna be using this magic
okay let's go to there's the next test yeah and so the spirit threw him now watch this people I'm going to prove to
you right now and this is not a heady argument I'm just going to point out to
you these last three words in this sentence are a prepositional phrase into
the Edon right into the what's translated as desert or Wilderness or void into the
void now people think this is a place a location here on Earth he walked out
into the Judean desert no how do we know that for a fact because when that desert
is an actual location give me the next one you're going to see Mark
himself um invest in a word that uh wh it's the next one but wait um yeah go to
the next one this one oh that one you're gonna see Mark use a word to explicitly
Express that this is a location and that is the second word on the second line
topon Place notice that it's right next to a rayon because at this time Jesus
and his buddies go off by themselves and by buddies I mean all of his children that he's with right they go we know we
know right you did you know the apostles were all teenagers yeah you didn't and then I told you and you know now so
let's go on okay so he's he's taking his boys off for a lunch break because it says on the bottom line he didn't have
any time to eat bro he's getting bothered by people right and so what
happens what happens he gets sent into the he says hey um let's go take a lunch
break go off to the to the place the Aron so this is very specific Mark is
not talking when Mark says Jesus went into the Wilderness to meet with the
devil to be tried of the Devil he's not going to a topos a place he is going
into the void which is what we do when we participate in Mysteries do you see
why we all come out of it demon possessed right it's a process it's a
process it's an anthropological process a place for you to get your mind to
right a place for you to get your mind to good let's go to the next one we've got to hustle through some of these
sources here no I won't hustle people I'll treat you good I promise but I got a lot of good stuff look at this oh who
are the people who are going to enter into the hos deos the second death now remember
take it down for a minute the second death when
Adonis dies he leaves
Aphrodite and he is a welcomed on the other side while she
Mourns he is welcomed we are going into the void with Adonis for those of you
with ears to hear he goes into the void Now flip your polarity around you're no longer with
Aphrodite mourning the dead Adonis you're with the Kora the queen of the
underworld and what are you doing is he's coming he's coming back he is
resurrecting but he's going the opposite direction this is the second death and
this is what those of us who part participate in the mystery of
anomia this is what we pursue we pursue the second death bring
that bring that um back up and do you know what kind of people are involved in
the second death these are the people these wretched apisto these wretched
faithless people right no we don't need Faith you don't need faith when you're
in the second death you don't need Faith right um You you got a you got a whole
pharmacology to back you up right we'll take you right there into the second death imagine a cult where people were
being purposely put into a death State and then
resurrected why because ad Donis the pole has switched and Adonis is now
entering the underworld and when he enters we celebrate a marriage we
celebrate a marriage do you think Aeros has power on Only Over The Air now he
has power over that dark matter that makes up the under that makes up that
void he has power there isn't that amazing you know the only thing it can never be conquered in the mind of an
oric power of AOS unconquerable oh God you got to love it
okay let's go back let's go back you thought Jesus was going into a Wilderness I think that's hilarious um
okay Watch What Happens here who are these people um look at the second line they're murderers they're murderers and what
else are they they're they're what they're porise um do anybody got a kid in the
bloom of his youth around here I know one guy that did I know one
guy that had a naked kid with him and a public park when he was arrested do you
know who was arrested children in a public park with a naked boy I'll tell
you who was arrested in the public park with a naked boy Jesus Christ child of the
Virgin he was arrested in a public park with a naked boy could
he have been a member could he have been involved did
he ever say anything about your honor um
overruled did he ever say anything about
Resurrection do you remember it anyone want to step forward because that's what
all this second death cult does yeah death Resurrection death
Resurrection in order to get involved in it you have to be christed you have to
be christed it's something they call the Water of Life and remember remember Jesus went around flexing it that he got
it right if you'd ask me lady at the well who you know you know what was
going on if you'd ask me he said she blew him off and he said if you if you'd
asked me I'd have given you the aquaa aqua Tha the Water of Life I'd
given it to you oh you got access to that she says you got access yeah Jesus
with his 12 boys he's got access
yeah let's look at the drugs some more Can you feel it it's a little unsettling
um thank you for staying people thank you for staying um uh who else are these people they're not only these porno
these you know um prostitute children they're also pharmaco they're people who
use the Pharmaca baby right did Jesus use the pharmac
damn straight he did yes oh God he wouldn't have been able to
be called the christed one if he wasn't yeah he was into it love it love
it let's go to the next one boom and finally and he uh you know so
he says look uh this is everything has come to boom he's that the gag going on
this is how it is Boom it's all come down to this
boom to Al Oma yeah I'm that beginning and that end right right and I'm gonna
give to the one I'm gonna give to the one who's got the dipass Who's Got The Thirst I'm gonna
give him from the peg from the fountain right of that water that comes
from Zoey Zoey keep that in mind that Z I want you to keep that in mind Zoe um
we know who Zoe is don't you know didn't you know the Water of Life came from Eve
boy you're confused now did you not get an invitation to the
fruit what happens things get mixed up in the mail I guess um I want to go to
the next one please I want to take you now to a horse quickly okay if you give
me 20 more minutes I'll give you the best material um that I can conjure right now um look at line I'm just going
to hit to hit you the great points look at line five this is in this is in the gopon Byzantine agricultural slash drugs
slash all sorts of Zoological stuff manual by Zora by a dude calling himself
Zora Aster this section is and in number five he says [Music]
hios do case now it's kind of strange the way that it's phrased but it fits in
with all the rest of the description that he provides perfectly he's being
heces between sympathy and anti antipathy and how they work in the
universe and he says the horse the horse that is bitten by the wolf the horse
that is bitten by the wolf what happens to them they'll be good and they will be
fast fast wait what
what the horse that is bit by the lucos what is he Al then he goes on to say
look at the next line he says um yeah and pamphilus says in his bit on nature
he says that the the horses that walk in the wolf's path right that enter that
path of the wolf that they what happens to them oh that they narcotize their
legs they narcotize their legs they get faster walking in that path and what is
that lucos people you think here I'm about to give you a priest I'm going
into full herant you have to be a herant to hear this stuff watch Watch What
Happens we're going to the next one boom here's our wolf right lucos what is
it is uh what is the what kind of look at wow what does it say number 10 at the
very bottom wait and then it gives diores remember that I mentioned that just
briefly what is it that the horse is doing what is it he's involved in
harvesting some kind of Bic fruit he's involved in yes the priest nander talks
about this um it turns out your horses are fast F if they're
bakic now wait a minute your horses are faster if they're Bic and they don't
seem to have any pain in their legs yeah I guess you can run them for a
real long time yeah Bak horses I wish I had Bak horses how much would I love to
have Bak horses let's go on to the next one to see where this Trail is going let's go to the priest let's go to the
priest that mentioned this drug and he mentions it in the
context of his thec of his thec do you remember who is with Jesus take it down
for a second do you remember who is with Jesus when he goes into the Adon and here's your Epsilon are you ready who is
with Jesus the Angulo they serve
him they serve him they Deacon him they serve him and who else is there
nobody ever notices this right it's so ridiculous it ends up so stupid in the
Christian paintings it's stupid the theion come to him the Thon
what are those beasts oh let's draw some animals and
let's draw Jesus out there with the maybe we can do a Mel Gibson and put him
in a some kind of situ wish have some snake crawl out there and be really cool
right yeah yeah yeah um you don't even realize that the dude is in a state is
in a high where he is um using the drugs to project his vision into the
ion okay you want to know why he needs those beasties there to listen to the
angels because he ain't hearing or seeing any Angels unless he is stoned
out of his brain on those serpents this is a serpent cult when he
tells his children his lamkins when he tells his lamkins I you
can drink this stuff that'll kill you this thimon drug you can drink it it's
from snakes and it won't hurt you yeah he's going to show us how to do
that those of you who are sitting in church today who are going to churches who will
be in churches who were sitting there all of the snakes are gone but the
snakes were Central why do you think she has seven stars in her hand why do you
think the formula is composed of those seven plus all the other
ingredients yeah yeah it's a you know it's a look it's a mystery and you
weren't part of it you've never been initiated oh I've been born again no you haven't you have not let me issue this
challenge to the Christians tonight um and those of you who who you know are
have seen those of you with eyes to see who have seen the reality you've seen
Jesus with the naked boy um maybe this is something you could step up
with you know next time they try to ram him down your throat tell him give me
the snakes give me the snake venom I want to know what my Lord and Savior was doing
with that naked boy I guarantee you if you tell your Christian relative this
it's going to end the conversation just gonna end the conversation I right now
am trying to figure out how to bring this information to the public in a way
that they won't just walk away away as soon as they hear it cuz that's what happens it happens in
regular conversation and it happens in interviews right you start talking about
Jesus's naked kid you start talking about Paul being a junkie you start
talking about John with his penis shaped cup you start talking ancient bonic
ritual and people get scared and they run they run so we we have to be um have
a platform to bring this to people so that they can see it they have to be a it's the museum we got to bring it back
let's go I'm taking I want to take you to the priest here I just want you to look at the first two lines here look at
the first two lines yeah we're talking about a kidna we're talking about vipers these terrible biting vipers right and
um so this is be uh this is kind of sandwiched in the work of a a um priest
of Apollo and you say what is a priest of Apollo Pion right Pion the Healer did
you ever wonder why the Christ is the great physician did you ever wonder that Jesus wasn't a doctor where did he get
his was he down in Egypt went to medical school where's my whip let's whip it out of him Jesus did you go to medical
school in Egypt Jesus oh he keeps quiet all the time he's no fun man you can smack him and
smack him and smack him you know and he just sits there quiet I don't get it I
don't get it but um it's hard to get answers out of them right Jesus is a quiet fellow when it comes to
necromancy um but that's okay we got enough on the record of what he already said to put him away forever you know
what I mean so okay let's go let's let's bring it to the uh that second of those
this one um look I'm going to give you a secret because you've come tonight here is is a secret within a secret that
you're supposed to be picking up from the Epsilon here is a secret within a secret it's like a commercial within a
you know within a show here we go look at the bottom two lines halfway across logos G Men horp
OD oh everybody recognize OD thereus right
E oil you know you know what that means
means go ahead and take it down that is a helenistic
um priest of Apollo who is the physician the holy physician who knows
the Christ right he knows what that is he knows that category of
drugs um and so he's goingon to be putting he's gonna be piling into his poetry a whole bunch of stuff and he's
writing to another priest from somewhere else so they got there's mystery religion W there's more
Christianity in this guy who who is before Christianity um there's more
Christianity in this text than there is in the New Testament 10 times over it's
um the raw anthropology is all there he says hey you know what really happened to odys and this is why Jesus has to be
the sa has to be the the Pion the Healer right the Divine physician um
because of the capacity to do exactly this what he's doing to be able to step
forward and to be able to um to push that Son of God to the place that they
need to be bring us um what happens to odyss right are you ready he dies and
how does he die well people don't know it but this priest is telling you right those of us who are in the know know
that osius died from pushing that poison right he was like Paul he was addicted
and he was pushing that poison to get to the seventh heaven how do we know that
about aysus how do we know that he's a junkie we have Odus the first time he
ever appears to us in Homer he's not looking for the arrow poison he's not
looking for it they know people other people don't want to give it to them the guy finds he doesn't want to give it to them it's too dangerous right you're
going to kill yourself with this stuff guess what says nicander he did he did and that stuff is so strong
if you don't have the right thec you're it's G to kill you you're G to be dead
right but this is what the people go through everybody in in the congregation
tonight this is what people go through in order to get into the right in order
to come through that initiation and then in order to sustain that Holy Spirit in
order to bring that Holy Spirit how do you think Paul made it up into the third
fourth fifth sixth Heaven how how do you think he made it up there he made it
with this process with the mystery he made it with this la
pad of the compound drugs they're all there in the text the
language is there screaming screaming but we don't hear it right we don't hear
it you why because we've been through the Dark Ages this knowledge has been
kept from you in order to construct a false image that would control you I
know that sounds like we're living in The Matrix I know it does yeah and I can't deny it I can't
deny it that is what people do when they rewrite history when they
appropriate when there is no visible record and you have to take Traditions
to yourself it's what cultures do they appropriate what is
valuable and what is most valuable I'm going to say this tonight and I know that um you guys have heard this maybe
before but I'm going to say it tonight Humanity reached its linguistic Apex
with ancient Greek all languages are not created equal Greek came and survived and
expanded and developed and destroyed other languages
that were too weak for the onslaught those languages were holding people
back we as human beings evolved a
capacity to expand our own minds our
vision to get our brain to develop and fire on all of the receptors that it's
got all of those receptors for the for Starion all of those receptors those
opiates all of those receptors all of those those compounds that those proteins that
come from the snake Venoms that work upon the your
hormones yeah yeah huh yeah all of that
designed to bring you a virgin that's the mystery and that
virgin has the w Water of Life and she won't be here unless we produce her
that's lady Babylon and that is what the Christians are so afraid of she is the
enemy The Devil's not he doesn't take sinner stage the dragon doesn't take not
even the Beast the Antichrist they're all foils what are they foils for lady Babylon let's go to the last text um I
want to bring you I want you just to sit here I'm going to translate this thing really quick and I want you to pretend
that you are in this banquet we've come back to the late Bronze Age we're
looking at Homer here right so people who talk to you on YouTube and say oh
the Greek says this and the Greek says that there's people who talk about KN Greek and there's people who actually
translate Greek let's let's look at what happens here so there's a banquet going
on I'll just set it up by saying there's banquet going on and we've all all been crying and mourning right just know it
the audience we've all been crying and morning it's been some sad stuff going on so I'll start translating so Helen
the daughter of God the begotten of God did you hear
that you you knew there was a Son of God in the world but you didn't know that there was a daughter of God that doesn't
even register on your brains look how dull your brains are that that doesn't even register when I say Son of God
people perk up Son of God Son of God when I say daughter of God nobody hears
it well here it is Helen the Son of God the daughter of God what does she do she
puts a drug into the wine and this thing they drank it then it's a neny it's a
complete dissolver of pain and it's aolon it makes your attitude so that
you're not angry oh cool it's a mood it's a modif fire of your mood and yeah yeah yeah and
it does what it makes you forget it's an epic it's an
epon it is something that makes you forget all of the bad that has happened
to you so much so that whoever takes it now listen to this you're coming to the
party and you're going to take this drug right it's in the wine we're going to get bakic and what are we going to do
right whoever takes it when it's mixed into the wine What in in in the mixing vessel what
happens what happens for an entire for an entire 24-hour period this this
person's not going to shed any tears not even if his mother and his father die
right in front of him not even if somebody takes out the bronze blade and
kills his brother or his own his most loved Son right not even if he sees it
with his own eyes will he shed a tear this is the power that the daughter
of God has in the form of her drugs that
are clever and Bringers of good this art
was taught was brought to us by polyna she's the wife of Thor who is
this Thor guy who gives it who cares Thor didn't do anything in history th
didn't do Jack th was sitting around picking his backside right but what did she do what
did thon's wife do right plina what did
she do um she created all these drugs man and where did she get it well you
know how it works the Zoros Earth brought it to her in Egypt right she's
an Egyptian the Zoros what is this Zoros I just want you to see this go to the
last um what is something it's Zoros zg giving look everybody look at this what
is this Z giving does anybody know what that means Z giving and it's used of
Earth and look at number two Roman two some authors derived it from Z rides
that living principle Z we get Zoey it's the same roote and um meaning life for
giving right and it's used of Aphrodite Aphrodite the
lifegiver Aphrodite the life isn't that gorgeous how do you have your love how
do you have your Aeros you have it with the she brings life oh God isn't that
gorgeous but it's even deeper than that you still haven't gotten to the bottom show me the next one oh God watch this
people watch this zo look at what it means it means to
ferment right to get hot to get hot and ferment do you know what Aphrodite does
she gets hot and she ferments she bubbles up she bubbles up and she boils
over she boils over and in that sense she exhales or she
ejaculates right and it's that essence of
Aphrodite that is the resurrection mystery why are the Christians take it
down why are the Christians warning you not to hang out with the people who are using the drugs and who were involved in
the sex and the temple worship with the children why not be involved with these
people yeah why not be involved with these idolators because they were if
they're having to root that out in the early church it means they were it means it's an integral part of Christianity
it's the reason we just found the reason that Jesus when he's arrested screams
out I am not a trafficker I am not a child
trafficker these drugs that they're using within the cult maintain control
imagine this people just for a second and I'll end on this and I um I want to
get my goat in a second don't bring him up yet uh her up I'm sorry um
but um what happens um if you've got a
religion you need to maintain control of your people you need them to believe
certain things you need them to act certain ways you need them to baptize their kids you need them to marry within
the church you got to control all of those aspects of their life from birth to death it's what religio does it's
what religio does now imagine this your religion has people who are initiated
who come in not knowing and they leave knowing they leave born
again they leave Born Again these second
deaths enter into this state and receive some kind of
knowledge and in the process they are written into the scroll
of Zoe isn't that nice isn't that nice and why
because she's the one she's the Aphrodite who has that pathway I told
you you you cannot give up the Virgin you cannot turn away from the Virgin
it's her song if you forsake the Virgin Mary everything is done you can wrap up
your religion it's gone that's what they're doing the mystery for in order
to produce this vessel for the
Divine Right are you out there do you want to possess the
Divine do you want to possess the Divine there's a program for getting
there and imagine the control people if you're not just taking a communion which
is some kind of wine or grape juice if you're Baptist right because God forbid
you should touch B bakic blood right when you take that communion
you're not taking it as anything but a refreshing drink and a little bit of a
cracker you want a real communion you Christians out there you want a real Christian
communion yeah you want real Flesh and Blood you want that body and blood
you're going to have to go through the process of entering death and being resurrect directed and I know you
haven't you do not by any stretch of the imagination if you are a Christian today
possess ionic life you don't you have an insurance policy in
your head that is it you haven't been there you haven't been initiated you don't
know these are the people that you must steer clear
from that's why they end up getting crucified all right we came to the Aron
the void tonight I want to thank you I want to thank you for your time and I want to um say if we are careful and pay
attention to the symbols not the images but the
symbol that is the code the secret code the two sides that come together
the impulse and the response yeah if we come back to that
then we know we're in the right place scientifically we found it we've hit Pay Dirt right once you get down to that
Cults basis once you can get into it and see the cult working once you see those
early Christians why the Romans are saying stop frigging your children right you know you know that
you've entered that territory you can taste it and you can trace it through all the drugs thank you for coming
tonight I want I want to um be able to provide for you a perspective as you're
going through all seven spheres so that you never lose sight of what we're
really shooting for what we're really shooting for is that dirt in the text
that dirt is there you will see Jesus for the first time in your life you will
see him for the first time when when you get down to that dirt thank you for coming tonight hail
Satan never car for pay and Fortune oh worldly
Renown on the day that it came an you just turned it
down all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name why did you ever change your [Music]
name all way